All current and future code copyright Project Tox, all rights reserved.

  In an effort to promote the adaptability of Tox to all platforms, Project Tox has agreed to claim copyright over all Tox code, current and future. As well, all contributions agree to assign copyright of committed code to Project Tox. This is established using the use of "Copyright 2013 Project Tox all rights reserved" in every source file, and is to be placed on all future source and header files.
  
  This decision comes with a couple added benefits, most notable is the ability for Project Tox to issue dual licenses as needed. Why should we have this ability? ~99%+ of all computer or or mobile device user interacts with something that uses a distribution platform(app store) that is incompatible with the GNU Public License version 3, this allows us to allow specific clients that can be used everywhere on a case by case basis.
  
  Now, before we go out doing something crazy, lets establish some rules. Project Tox means the core development team, this team is composed of the Github organization Tox. As such, all members of this organization are issued voting rights. Second, the team inside of the Github organization known as Owners is the executive board. In case of absentee voters the vote will be taken as a nay. The period of time for a standard vote will be one week, for both general votes and executive votes. If a decision is decided before the voting period is over the vote may be stopped and the decision carried out. Votes may be done through irc, Tox, or PGP signed emails to be counted.
  
  A dual license may only be an Open Source initiative approved license, these are available at http://opensource.org/licenses, and are all open source. This is required to protect the safety of those using Tox. A dual license may only be issued to open source work, using a Open Source initiative approved license. A dual license request must be delivered to either a member of the executive board, or publicly via a Github issue. This request must include the source to the Tox client, and instructions on compiling it. We must be able to compile it and prove that your distributed compiled binary is the same program as the source you provide. The compiling instructions may be included with the source itself. 
  
  Requests for a dual license must be presented to a vote within 7 days or receiving them, this count starts when the request is acknowledged. After voting the person requesting it must be notified in 7 days time before a decision is reached. Votes for dual licenses are done by the executive board, requiring a majority vote to pass. Ties then go the general membership, where a majority vote is needed as well.
